---
title: "2022 update"
date: 2022-12-31 20:30:00 +0200
tags:
  - work
  - paternity
  - sequels
image: '/assets/images/post/baby.jpg'
excerpt: "This year 2022 is leaving and a new one, 2023, is coming. At the beginning of this year the _medical tribune_ denied declaring me _permanently disabled_, so as a consequence I had to rejoin my previous position as a software engineer in Telefonica. At the same time, I demanded them. The judgement will take place in 2024."

---

This year 2022 is leaving and a new one, 2023, is coming.

At the beginning of this year the _medical tribune_ denied declaring me _permanently disabled_, so as a consequence I had to rejoin my previous position as a software engineer in Telefonica. At the same time, I demanded them. The judgement will take place in 2024.

I **really** tried to do it well, but in the end the secondary effects of my surgeries made my boss realize that something was wrong, so he had a talk with me that made me feel very anxious and stressed. Indeed, I had to take another leave because of this reason, but the _medical tribune_ rejected, in a first take, to accept it as valid.

I had to rejoin Telefonica again, but they seemed to understand the complexity of my case and told me to pass another medical recognition, more oriented to reflect my cognitive difficulties. A friend told us that there were a legal way to appeal the _medical tribune_ resolution, so I thought about using it, attaching the medical recognition report as a probe of my difficulties to do my previous job.

Anyway, as I saw that it was very difficult for me to properly explain to the people in the _medical tribune_ the secondary effects I had (sometimes they asked me about those effects and I didn't remember them, due to my amnesia), I could get from my neurologist a report which stated that it was recommended that my wife come with me to talk to the _medical tribune_. She could finally come with me and we could explain together my secondary effects to those people.

After hearing us, the _medical tribune_ finally decided to give me a new sick leave, and that's the one I have today.

## A new hope, a new challenge

The final days of 2021 we also discovered that we were pregnant. It it a girl, and we decided to call her **Ana**. It's not only a great news, but also a great challenge for us, especially for me taking into account the cognitive secondary effects of my surgeries. Blanca also thinks it will be a good stimulous to my mind.

She finally came to this world finishing August. She's a very good girl, and we're definitely very happy with her.

## Happy 2023

This will continue being my personal blog indefinitely, so I'll try to improve it and I'll try to continue writing here periodically.

I wish you all a very happy 2023!

